- I think I've just created a note for tomorrow. OH. It shows the link I used to create it below automatically. That's actually pretty useful.
-
- Well, it is now after midnight. I'm going to break my usual rule of continuing the previous days' journal if I haven't gone to bed yet, just because this mess is already very very cluttered.
	- Though I also went back and added a bunch more notes to the previous day.
	- Honestly, it kinda feels like ==Logseq might work better for daily entries than Obsidian== because it is fundamentally designed to be slapdash in how things are thrown together.
	  id:: 674034a1-d3c8-4ee6-b4cb-ccd89364e46a
		- That said, I absolutely do not want to continue with the switching costs, despite having this proof-of-concept here.
- Logseq is not smart about automatic grouping characters. It likes to insert two of them when you are clearly changing where the opener is. #bug
- At some point while experimenting, [[Onboarding Whiteboad]] was automatically renamed to a lower case version of itself. #bug
	- I have just fixed this, but I have no idea if it will stick. Also, opening Whiteboards is extremely slow and freezes the application, as did renaming it.
	- Because it's trying to process ***EVERYTHING*** at a block level, is that why this broke?
	- Suddenly, opening the Whiteboard opens it at the level of zoom required to fit everything on-screen instead of at 100% like it was doing before.
- You can't tab indent while typing if you have just pressed space without it eating the space, even though you're still fucking typing the thing.. #bug
  id:: 67402cdb-2d61-4832-a9d2-f10e102d8ff8
- Apparently [properties can be used to make aliases](https://discuss.logseq.com/t/is-there-any-way-to-rename-a-page-while-letting-the-old-name-as-an-alias/5697)? But this is extremely hacky and requires dangerous operations. (Re-indexing breaks things.)
  id:: 67402d94-bc93-4645-a862-59e445b6e6dc
	- Oh, I like that it shows a little indicator that I've referenced this elsewhere. :D
- I very strongly don't know how I feel about tags and pages being equivalent. :D
-
- DONE How do I know what has been saved to disk?
	- So far, seems the answer is that we're not allowed to know because it's supposed to *just work*.
	- [This user](https://www.reddit.com/r/logseq/comments/uw9hzu/autosave_should_it_be_happening_is_there_an/) experienced Re-indexing deleting unsaved content the way it says it does, but points out that Refresh *says* it does the same thing.. which is the same confusion I'm having:
		- I tried to include a ~~reference~~ embed here, but I had written that down in Obsidian, not here. GG.
			- While typing that sentence, some of my text (non-alphanumeric characters) were randomly deleted while creating a new block. #bug
		- It seems that =="never lose data" is not a core principle of this app==.
		  id:: 67403a8f-15d9-450e-abed-5e511178d93f
- DONE Can I have multiple pages open at once? There's no tabbing?
	- Probably, the answer is no.
-
- Logseq says that their sync system can't handle multiple devices working on the same data at the same time, and also says that you may have to use the Re-index button for changes to actually make it across devices. This means that ==Logseq is fundamentally unready to be used seriously across multiple devices==.
  id:: 67403556-8b8e-4fd0-83ed-913cc2c53297
- [[Flashcards Suck]]
  id:: 67403626-c77e-42dd-b64f-07173fbdec1f
	- {{embed ((6740223d-b9af-4349-bb4e-5b2465a84a3e))}}
	- {{embed ((6740223d-ccf8-4a5b-af67-3ba13ce9e7ad)) }}
	- {{embed ((6740223d-57cb-4a9b-b551-a07daa0a36f2))}}
	- {{embed ((6740223d-4dde-4494-b12e-2568d799b24a))}}
	- {{embed ((6740223d-d11f-4295-be8a-50fd791f6f1e))}}
	- {{embed ((674026c1-21d5-4685-93fd-b42561d01f1b))}}
	-
- Embeds cause minor issues with navigation, so I might need to keep an extra "newline" at the end of each page for safety. #bug
	- Embeds are editable within the embed (which I like), but this makes it sometimes impossible to position the cursor *outside* of the embed to add a new block below it (as in, where it's been embedded - it's easy to modify the embed and include new stuff *within* it).
-
- {{embed [[How Logseq Broke on 1st Use]]}}
	- Logseq is ***REALLY*** bad at handling lists. When pasted, they don't import right, and editing them to fix it doesn't work. They have to be manually started, and then content can be pasted per-line. After fixing the formatting on the above list, when trying to delete the excess text and blank lines, the editor froze and randomly failed to delete parts of the text. #bug
	  id:: 67403ef2-8a7e-409f-aa63-cfcaf94fa5c7
		- I've accidentally *really* created a headache out of not putting that line in the page to begin with. I don't care right now, in part because I'm demonstrating to myself why/how this is good and bad.
			- I didn't even think about how it would be worse by adding more content. Also the editor really really doesn't like me editing this text while on [[2024-11-22]], it switched where the edit is taking place and is lagging really hard.
				- Editing it on [[How Logseq Broke on 1st Use]], so that the edit is occurring within an embed directly, without appearing twice at the same time, is working almost as badly, but very slightly better.
-
- [[Logseq Highlights]]
  id:: 67403f08-68ef-4dba-af6d-1c0d38c58634
	- {{embed ((6740223d-9139-432a-a4b4-bf7f562d6a66))}}
	- {{embed ((67402fdc-44ff-4548-87e0-d98def269766))}}
	- {{embed ((67403ac6-2fc4-46de-84da-fe01970c7799))}}
	- ((6740223d-a4ee-4ec4-a956-f5d2e1584b60))
	  id:: 67404031-e6a9-402c-9b64-2e896b1b3e4d
	- {{embed ((674034a1-d3c8-4ee6-b4cb-ccd89364e46a))}}
	- {{embed ((67403a8f-15d9-450e-abed-5e511178d93f))}}
	- {{embed ((67403556-8b8e-4fd0-83ed-913cc2c53297))}}
	- {{embed ((67404b09-15b3-4034-be54-a2d028decabb))}}
	-
-
- I want to keep a copy of my rant about Logseq here. So here we go! [[Logseq Re-indexing Rant]]:
	- {{embed [[Logseq Re-indexing Rant]]}}
-
- Just like Obsidian, it makes the experience smoother/better to include extra ~~lines~~ blocks at the beginning and end of ~~files~~ pages that don't begin/end with plain text. Unlike Obsidian, this looks uglier here.
- So I'm going to go to bed now. In theory, all data here has actually been saved. I guess we'll find out, won't we?
	- Okay, I had to check what files exist before actually stopping for the night.
		- Numbered lists are created with bulky garbage metadata instead of just using Markdown. #bug
		- The fucking Whiteboard is 2.56 MB and over 2k lines - no wonder it loads slowly!
		- I did manage to confirm no Zotero-related info was accidentally created/stored. There's an actual `nil` for th entire config thank god!
		  id:: 67404ae1-be25-4dee-a509-673efee65472
		- ==For over a year, [a critical privacy leak bug has been completely ignored](https://github.com/logseq/logseq/issues/10514).== #bug
		  id:: 67404b09-15b3-4034-be54-a2d028decabb
			- Default theme has not been checked to verify that highlighting is compatible with links. Not cool. #bug
		- Sometimes, an embed gets random spaces added to it, for no reason. :D #bug
		- There are just *so many bugs*. It really *highlights* that this software isn't ready for usage.
-