public:: true

- Why are there two entries now? #card
- Why did it rename the journal correctly but then make a new one with the wrong name? #bug
- Why are tasks not working despite having Markdown format enabled? #bug
	- I think this is supposed to be intentional.
- How do I re-index a graph? This one is in an unknown state after changing the date format.
  id:: 6740223d-9139-432a-a4b4-bf7f562d6a66
	- Top-left, there is a stealth dropdown menu. This breaks things when used. ==Never change the date format after initial setup.==
	  id:: 67402dfa-ea2a-4b92-9dc1-3dfeb956d6bc
- I want to remove any and every thing related to Zotero, but instead I may have accidentally "created" a profile for it?
	- collapsed:: true
	  + [f] Check if this is true.
		- F for failure.
	- Well that just fucking broke. *Let's try again, shall we?*
	  + [x] Check if there is extra metadata about Zotero in here to delete.
		- Well that checkbox doesn't even appear. (What the fuck? It does *now*. \#bug )
		- DONE Check if Zotero-related metadata has ended up in this graph. Delete it if possible.
			- {{embed ((67404ae1-be25-4dee-a509-673efee65472))}}
			-
- Why is the graph view broken?
	- Don't fucking know, but it works now.
- Why does clicking Flashcards open a dialog that doesn't explain whatever the fuck a cloze is?
  id:: 6740223d-b9af-4349-bb4e-5b2465a84a3e
	- That dialog is just how Flashcards are supposed to work, whatever working is.
		- The documentation doesn't explain how to use any aspect of them *other* than creating them.
- Why are trailing spaces automatically deleted? Is this okay? I don't know yet.
	- It caused a minor problem when trying to fix indentation while typing, but that can be worked around.
		- {{embed ((67402cdb-2d61-4832-a9d2-f10e102d8ff8))}}
- How do I add "an answer" to a card? What's the point of cards? #card
  id:: 6740223d-ccf8-4a5b-af67-3ba13ce9e7ad
- Why did the Flashcards interface not show both cards when re-opened after adding a 2nd one?
  id:: 6740223d-57cb-4a9b-b551-a07daa0a36f2
	- Dunno, but it's been a while since I added a 3rd, and it still isn't showing. I'm going to try restarting the program real quick. :D
		- Restarting took me to the "wrong" note ([[2024-11-22]]) but this is probably an intended feature.
		- Restarting fixed the count. Flashcards count will always be unreliable and based on when the app was last started. #bug
-
- Now that the Flashcards interface *is* showing both cards, what does overdue mean? What the hell even is due dates with these? There is zero indication of how I'm supposed to use this.
  id:: 6740223d-4dde-4494-b12e-2568d799b24a
- All of my notes on this 2nd entry are going to be deleted in order to "fix" the default state it seems? I'm going to manually copy everything out to try to work it out, but this is *wild*.
	- After re-indexing, all content from the 2nd entry that was not saved to disk was moved to the 1st entry, and everything saved to disk from the 1st entry was deleted.
-
- I will now copy back in everything from the 1st entry:
-
- Well, `dolphin` is mostly set up, so let's experiment by installing Logseq!
	- I didn't sync that. I just manually copied it (well, through Pastebin).
- - [x] Learn how the fuck to use Logseq!
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2024-11-21 Thu 23:10:33]--[2024-11-21 Thu 23:10:34] =>  00:00:01
  :END:
- DONE Is this entry still accessible?
	- Somehow this became a crossed out checkboxed piece of text, despite my other checkboxes not working like this. Apparently the keywords thing is REAL fucking dumb.
- What happened now that I've "used" both Journals?
	- I guess this was just a massive inconsistency bug. I have no clue how it happened or persisted until re-indexing, but it did.
	- Now that the bug has been ..worked around.. I should not have any issues with indexing or where things are saved.. I think.
- What is the difference between a page and a Journal on here? It does not differentiate well.
	- I think ==Journals== are just pages named based on the current date and the selected date format that ==can't be renamed==. That's my experience so far anyhow.
	  id:: 67402fdc-44ff-4548-87e0-d98def269766
- There was some warning in the settings about things being cached and losing changes in open "graphs". Why is this here? How is my data safe if I need to close the app to make sure changes are saved? Why does it warn against using `git` to save changes?
	- I don't think data is safe here, but it is *mostly* safe. Which is as unsettling as that sounds.
	- I still wanna know why it thinks using git is bad though.
	- ==Closing the app does not save changes.== #bug
	  id:: 67403ac6-2fc4-46de-84da-fe01970c7799
- Will empty lines be randomly deleted?
	- No? I'm not sure. It behaves somewhat consistently but I haven't 100% figured that out yet.
-
- Why does it use the word *graph* to describe a collection of files, *__while also using that term for a graph__*?
	- ~~Apparently what I thought was being used to describe a collection of files is actually being used to describe a view state? I really can't tell.~~
	- DONE What the fuck is a graph?
		- What the fuck? I was correct. They really just mean a collection of notes. This UI is so misleading.. -.-
- ~~Why is Markdown formatting inconsistent?~~ (Seems to only apply when not editing a line, which is *fine*, I guess.)
-
- I haven't changed anything, but now it is saying I need to re-index again. And it's saying it twice.
	- Despite not persisting the warning when it actually mattered, it persisted it after I fixed that issue. *Nice*.
- Also, for some reason, maybe because the pasted-in notes were pasted-in, there is a bullet point with nothing next to it, despite that not being how this tool works anywhere else I've seen so far.
  (Well, now it has disappeared, and I don't know when or why. It might've been while selecting everything to export to save it in case it all breaks again, or it may have been before that.)
	- This seems to just be a minor display bug. Bullet points are only supposed to appear where the cursor is or where text exists, but they can appear on a blank line that is unselected. #bug
- Apparently, ==Ctrl+Click switches task status==, but when I did this, it just prepended a word, and no checkboxes appear. Apparently this is intended behavior, but also checkboxes are supposed to exist *sometimes*. ~~For some reason, checkboxes can't just be added? I don't understand.~~
  id:: 6740223d-a4ee-4ec4-a956-f5d2e1584b60
	- That shortcut *does* actually work, as long as you aren't editing the line..
	- So it turns out that checkboxes will appear when the line is de-selected, and checkboxes can be manually added to ... extra lines within a block? It's very weird. Checkboxes that are manually added can only appear on *not* the first line. They also can't use the TODO/DOING/DONE thing afaik?
	- I'm going to try to make this line a task with a deadline of tomorrow.
	  DEADLINE: <2024-11-22 Fri>
		- Still no checkbox.. how the fuck do I indent this line?? Tab.. (~~Ctrl+Tab to un-indent?~~ No.)
		- There is nothing in this interface to indicate how I am supposed to mark this done. I know I can by manually typing `DONE` or typing `/done` and hitting enter, but since there also isn't a good indication of outstanding tasks or whatever, I am waiting to see what happens when it's "due" or "late".
			- The only indication is on the date referenced, so, in this case, [[2024-11-22]].
	- + [ ] Apparently checkboxes have to have a **plus** instead of a `-`. I think this may technically follow Markdown spec but am unsure.
		- Well that was a lie.
	- * [ ] I've been told `*` works as well.
		- And that was wrong too.
	- The first line of a block (which is what any "list item" in Logseq is called?) cannot be a task?
	  - [ ] But pressing Shift+Enter to stay in the same block is supposed to work.
		- Well that just broke it instead. It doesn't even show the text "un-rendered". What the actual fuck?
			- To be clear, the rendering error above is "Full content is not displayed, Logseq doesn't support multiple unordered lists or headings in a block." and there is a single task list with a single item (so that's one or none unordered lists depending on your definition) and no headings in that block. The error message makes no sense. #bug
		- Okay, let's try again with the "correct" markers:
		  + [x] Plus checkbox.
		  * [x] Star checkbox.
			- This is difficult to use, but doable.
-
- Apparently the Flashcards interface will always show however many are here. It will also always open in preview mode, and "show answers" is a persistent toggle? I'm not quite sure.
  id:: 6740223d-d11f-4295-be8a-50fd791f6f1e
	- Persistence of interface options is inconsistent across the entire fucking app. Which is great. This is exactly what I expect from a tool for daily knowledge management and tracking. :D
- I did another Re-index, and everything was saved this time. In theory, as long as I never touch the date thing again, it should be fine now?
-
- Why does the All pages view have toggles **THAT DON'T VISABLY CHANGE WHEN TOGGLED TO INDICATE CURRENT STATE**? #bug
- The literal official documentation does not include the word "answer" on Flashcards. It doesn't explain how you're supposed to use them or add answers. It just says what is already obvious from trying out the software (well, except that you can also use [[card]] to make a card, instead of only #card .) #bug
  id:: 674026c1-21d5-4685-93fd-b42561d01f1b
	- It also references that you "can make Clozes too" but nothing about what that *is*.
	- Tags are pages? Also they don't understand the difference between characters that can be in a name usually, and other characters. So I accidentally created `card.)` though hopefully that doesn't exist anyhow. It's still showing though.
		- DONE Is this a bug? I can't tell.
			- I've decided I don't care to answer. :D
			- Oh. I just realized what I was asking. **YES**, it absolutely was a bug.
	- The Flashcards thing hasn't updated to show that there are 3 cards for a while, despite this card existing now. #bug (I might've already tagged this bug elsewhere. :D)
- Apparently, you can make properties with the same formatting as Obsidian Dataview, but *nothing is written about what this would be useful for*. I assume it can be queried, but there's *no information* about it.
	- {{embed ((67402d94-bc93-4645-a862-59e445b6e6dc))}}
-
- Oh *God*. The entire documentation is in some hellscaped version of Logseq itself? I can't navigate to different sections in different pages because *none of it is actually a real link or separate page*. So it's going to be ~~very difficult~~ annoying to read *any* of it or find details I've missed.
	- At least it respects browser history.
	- The concept of branches is brought up and unexplained. It says that blocks can be grouped by branching, but what the fuck does that *MEAN*?
	- It says blocks can be copied by dragging the mouse, but again, does not explain how. I will attempt to copy this block to see if I can figure it out. Dragging a bullet point *moves* the block, not copies it. What the fuck?
	- Apparently, I can just `/date picker` to bring up a dialog to "assign a date" whatever that means. [[2024-11-22]] Apparently, it just means a link to that date.
		- Honestly, I love this.
- Let's find out if I can just rename this page. I'm starting to understand the terminology, and I'd like this page to be preserved as a quick example of the ramblings of a new user not knowing anything about this very poorly explained app.
	- {{embed ((67402fdc-44ff-4548-87e0-d98def269766))}}
	- It seems that once created, pages cannot have their name changed.
		- Apparently, they can, but only by creating a link to them within them, clicking that link, and then opening some form of menu to rename them after opening them from a link. (What the fuck?) [[2024-11-21]]
			- That does not work.
				- To be fair, I have not tried it with a non-Journal page yet.
				- DONE Try changing the name of a non-Journal page.
					- Do not try this with a page that's being used as a tag, unless I make tags specifically to test that with. I'm very scared of what will occur.
	- Despite choosing a date format with dashes in it, the file names do not match. For some fucking reason, *underscores* are being used as delimiters. #bug
-
- In the Page graph, the Show Journals button doesn't do anything, because they're already showing (or at least, when only Journals exist, it doesn't do anything). #bug
	- I have gone back and forth between [[2024-11-21]] and [[2024-11-22]] while looking at the Page graph and it is inconsistent whether or not both or one of them show up, regardless of the Show Journals checkbox (which also appears to do nothing at all). #bug
- I would *really* quite like to have all of this content on a different page. But that's not allowed. :D
	- DONE Figure out how to mass move or mass copy content from one page to another.
		- Is there a "bullet point" for the page that would allow it? Or would that just move the page? Or something even weirder?
		- Apparently, I'd have to add a top-level block, indent everything under it, and install a plugin that converts blocks to pages. This is a pain in the ass.